okay so we discussed what are the most
important pollens and
specifically question classification in
grief now let's look at some of the
specific techniques that I use for
question classification well first of
all as the name indicates question
classification is just a classification
task the standard machine learning task
so it's possible to use various type of
techniques for stress SVM's and they've
bayesian techniques it's also possible
to use regular expressions for example
if the question is what country then
it's fairly obvious that the answer that
we're looking for is a country or if the
question is who is or who was then we
can classify this expression or this
question as a person which state the
state and so on so Google formulation of
cuvee modulation is essentially the
process by which natural language
question is converted into an
information retrieval query so here's
some examples from one of the Michigan
papers in that case the question is what
country is the biggest producer of
tungsten so this question is then
converted into different queries
depending on the target search engine
for example by removing the double
quotes by replacing the names of words
for example tungsten I was replaced by
Wolfram because it's a synonym for that
element tungsten was also replaced by
atomic number 74 again this is all done
using database like word net then
biggest producer can be also replaced by
largest producer country can be replaced
by a region geographical area area and
so on and it was very important that
depending on the target search engine it
may be important to use the right
connected so for example the word or to
indicate a disjunction of query words or
perhaps vertical bar for the same
purpose the use of double quotes to
indicate phrases and so on
now what about passage of evil so some
of the features that I use in passage of
evil are proper names that match the
query so for example the question is who
owned Tarzan we are looking for passages
that contain the word Tarzan
we won't the worst to be near each other
so if we have multiple proper nouns in
the question we want those to appear
near each other in the answer as well we
also want editors that match the
expected answer types so if we're
looking for a person or an author like
who owned Tarzan we are looking for
sentences that contain persons if we
didn't have a person in the Senate it's
very likely that that is not the correct
passage to return and then in answer
cattivo
we use standard named entity recognition
systems to identify the matching phrases
for example label January 1 1951 as a
date some of the features that can be
used in our circuit Evo are the distance
to the query word so for example if the
name of the author is listed within one
or two words of the name of the book
that's better than if it's listed 10 or
20 words away in this case we're also
looking at the answer type that has to
match the question the word that
similarity so for example if we're
looking for author and we want to be
able to get person instead or writer and
we're also looking at the redundancy so
words that appear multiple times in the
answer set are more likely to be the
correct answer let's look at the
anonymous in a little bit more detail it
should be fairly obvious that there are
many different ways in which one can
express a relation using text so for
example the relation between Madrid
which is a city the capital Spain and
the Spain which is the country can be
expressed in the following ways
very simple statements such as Madrid is
the capital of Spain but also things
like in route to space capital of Madrid
dot dot dot
Madrid comma space capital city is
situated almost at the geographical
epicenter of the country the capital of
Spain is material again of different
paraphrase of the original material
Spain's sunny capital Madrid became
Spain's capital in 1561 it referring
back to Madrid in a previous sentence
was elevated to status as Spain's
capital city and so on so it's very
important to be
to recognize that all those passages are
really paraphrases of one another so
that we can take advantage of the
existing redundancy and boost up Madrid
in the candidates answer list so two
more examples the same idea when did
French revolutionary stormed the
Bastille here's some answer is the
stomach of the Bastille occurred in
Paris on the morning of 14th of July
1789 the storming of the Bastille 14
July 1789 the storming of the Bastille
prison on July 14 1789 so again slightly
different spelling here here there's one
that only has the year French
revolutionary storm Bastille 1789 and so
on and so forth and one more example who
killed Mahatma Gandhi so here's one
answer Gandhi was assassinated
dot-dot-dot by Nasser I'm God's a matter
of God's sake killed Gandhi God said you
killed Gandhi Gandhi was assassinated
shot at the dog by in the same person so
again this is just to let you appreciate
how much paraphrasing and variability in
language can be important for tasks like
question answering so some of the
systems that we mentioned before are not
based on a local corpus of news but
there are other based on arbitrary web
documents including blogs and
encyclopedia entries and so on so that
there is a very important distinction
between the so-called traditional corpus
based systems and the open end and web
based systems first of all the systems
on the web have a significantly larger
corpus we know that the web has billions
and billions of documents it's
impossible to do any sort of pre
annotation so with the local corpus even
if it's there let's say several hundred
gigabytes it's possible to go through it
in advance and identify all the named
entities and date expressions and so on
this is not possible on the web because
any document is a potential answer to
the question
and it's not possible to pre-process all
that data in advance so sir changes are
not necessarily used for all the time so
for example they may remove some of the
stop words they may disregard the
question types for example the question
type is who wrote Hamlet the word who is
also good because you know there's a
stop word it's not going to be
translated into a person name as part of
the query process sir changes also
imposed arbitrary restrictions on
queries for example some can only allow
queries of a certain length so many of
the issues that researchers have to deal
with are related to reliability to the
timeliness of the documents you don't
want to return an answer that was
accurate a year ago but is no longer
correct and also the presence of
inaccurate answers which can creep on
the web for many different reasons so if
you work if you do research on question
answering you have to deal with all
those issues